Update oracles.md (#6009)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: docs/src/content/hardhat-runner/docs/supporter-guides/oracles.md

## Security

> An oracle is only as secure as its data source(s). If a dapp uses Uniswap as an oracle for its ETH/DAI price feed, an attacker can move the price on Uniswap to manipulate the dapp's understanding of the current price. An example of how to combat this is [a feed system](https://docs.makerdao.com/smart-contract-modules/oracle-module/oracle-security-module-osm-detailed-documentation) like the one used by MakerDAO, which collates price data from many external price feeds instead of just relying on a single source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An oracle is only as secure as its data source(s). If a dapp uses Uniswap as an oracle for its ETH/DAI price feed, an attacker can move the price on Uniswap to manipulate the dapp's understanding of the current price. An example of how to combat this is [a feed system](https://docs.makerdao.com/smart-contract-modules/oracle-module/median-detailed-documentation) like the one used by MakerDAO, which collates price data from many external price feeds instead of just relying on a single source.
```

Good catch. I think the Median module description from the Maker docs is more appropriate as a link though.
